Are you ready to help us make the future?

Join a company that is transforming from a traditional industrial company to a contemporary digital industrial
business, harnessing the power of cloud, big data, analytics, Internet of Things, and design thinking.
You will lead change that brings value to our customers, partners, and shareholders through the creation of innovative
software and data-driven products and services. You will work with customers to identify their high value business
questions and work through their data to search for answers. You will be responsible for working within Honeywell to
identify opportunities for new growth and efficiency based on data analysis.
JOB ACTIVITIES

You will be part of a team that delivers contemporary analytics solutions for the Information Management &amp; Analytics
function at Honeywell. You will build strong relationships with leadership to effectively deliver contemporary data
analytics solutions and contribute directly to business success.
You will develop solutions on data warehouse systems eco-system viz. Snowflake, IICS, Airflow etc.
You will identify and implement process improvements – and if you don’t like to do the same thing twice, you will
automate where possible.
You are always keeping an eye on scalability, optimization, and process. You have worked with Snowflake, IICS
before.
You will work on a team including scrum masters, product owners, data architects, peer data engineers/analyst, data
scientists and DevOps.
You and your team collaborate to build products from the idea phase through launch and beyond. The software you
write makes it to production in sprints. 
Your team will be working on creating a new platform using your experience of APIs, microservices, and platform
development.
A Job posting does not exist for this global job code, please work with your HRG to develop one

YOU MUST HAVE
·       Bachelor’s degree in computer science, Engineering.
·       2-5 years of experience
·       Have 1 – 2 years of data engineering experience in any data warehousing platform.
Preferably Snowflake data platform and IICS (Informatica Intelligent Cloud Services).
·       Expert data warehousing concepts.
·       Expert in SQL.
·       Expert in ETL
·       Python programming experience.

·       Experience in developing end to end data pipelines i.e., Ingestion, transformation,
storage
·       Experience in leading data engineers to provide best practices in implementing end to
end pipelines.
WE VALUE
·       Should have developed and deployed complex big data ingestion jobs in IICS (or other
ELT tool) bringing prototypes to production on Snowflake (or any data warehouse
platform).
·       Experience in building advanced analytics solutions with data from enterprise systems
like ERPs, CRMs, Marketing tools etc.
·       Have worked in Snowflake data platform in designing/implementing the data models and
SQL based transformations.
·       Have experience in developing and building applications to process very large amounts
of data (structured and unstructured), including streaming real-time data.
·       Experience in writing complex SQL statements and debugging/improving performance of
SQL statements using query profilers
·       Experience in working with cloud-based deployments. Understanding of containers
(Docker) &amp; container orchestration (Swarm or Kubernetes).
·       Good understanding of branching, build, deployment, CI/CD methodologies such as
Octopus and Bamboo
·       Experience working with in Agile Methodologies and Scrum Knowledge of software best
practices, like Test-Driven Development (TDD)
·       Effective communication skills and succinct articulation
·       Experience with dimensional modeling, data warehousing and data mining
·       Experience with machine learning solutions and data science methods promotion
·       Database performance management and API development
·       Technology upgrade oversight
·       Experience with visualization software, Tableau or Power BI preferred but not necessary.
·       Understanding of best-in-class model and data configuration and development
processes
·       Experience working with remote and global teams and cross team collaboration.

·       Consistently makes timely decisions even in the face of complexity, balancing systematic
analysis with decisiveness
WE VALUE
·       Some experience in software development: designing, development, and
debugging.
·       Knowledge of .Net, C#, Java, Docker, Web Services, SOAP, REST, Azure ARM,
PowerShell
·       Solid understanding of software development fundamentals
·       Knowledge of contemporary Open-Source development tools and
automated testing frameworks
·       Some experience with software and system modeling
·       Passion for new technologies and innovation
·       Ability to multi-task and stay organized in a dynamic work environment.
·       Effectively demonstrates ability to deliver on complex situations or
problems without guidance or supervision.
·       Consistently makes timely decisions even in the face of complexity,
balancing systematic analysis with decisiveness

A Job posting does not exist for this global job code, please work with your HRG to develop one
